samples: drivers: video: add capture to lvgl sample (#71463)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/subsys/video/capture_to_lvgl/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: video-capture-to-lvgl
   :name: Video capture to LVGL
   :relevant-api: video_interface

   This sample application demonstrates how to use the video API to retrieve video
   frames from a capture device and display them on an LCD via the LVGL library.

Description
***********

The application uses the :ref:`Video API <video_api>` to retrieve video frames from
a video capture device, writes a frame count message to the console, and then sends
the frame to an LCD display.

Requirements
************

> This sample requires a video capture device (e.g., a camera) and an LCD display.

Reviewer: doesn't have to be *LCD* specifically, right?

```suggestion
This sample requires a supported :ref:`video capture device <video_api>` (e.g., a camera) and a :ref:`display <display_api>`.
```

Author: Changed

- :ref:`mini_stm32h743`
- OV2640 camera module

> - LCD display

Reviewer: not sure what this list is supposed to mean?

Author: The intention was to list the necessary devices, but I believe the above description is sufficient. I'll remove it.

Author: Removed

Wiring
******

On the `WeAct Studio STM32H743`_, connect the OV2640 camera module and the 0.96" ST7735
TFT LCD display. Connect a USB cable from a host to the micro USB-C connector on the
board to receive console output messages.

Building and Running
********************

For :ref:`mini_stm32h743`, build this sample application with the following commands:

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/subsys/video/capture_to_lvgl/
   :board: mini_stm32h743
   :goals: build flash

>    :gen-args: -DCONFIG_BOOT_DELAY=5000

Reviewer: really needed?

Author: Yes. Since the board uses USB CDC to print the log messages, some messages are missing when the delay is removed, but I can reduce it from 5000 to 2000.

Author: Changed to 2000
